afghanistan.ogg				Public Domain
armenia.ogg					Public Domain
azerbaijan.ogg				Public Domain
bahrain.ogg					Public Domain
bangladesh.ogg				Public Domain
bhutan.ogg					Public Domain
cambodia.ogg				Public Domain
china.ogg					Public Domain
cyprus.ogg					Public Domain
georgia.ogg					Public Domain
india.ogg					Public Domain
indonesia.ogg				Public Domain
iran.ogg					Public Domain
iraq.ogg					Public Domain
israel.ogg					Public Domain
japan.ogg					Public Domain
jordan.ogg					Public Domain
kazakhstan.ogg				Public Domain
kuwait.ogg					Public Domain
kyrgyzstan.ogg				Public Domain
laos.ogg					Public Domain
lebanon.ogg					Public Domain
malaysia.ogg				Public Domain
mongolia.ogg				Public Domain
myanmar.ogg					Public Domain
nepal.ogg					Public Domain
north_korea.ogg				Public Domain
oman.ogg					Public Domain
pakistan.ogg				Public Domain
palestine.ogg				Public Domain
philippines.ogg				Public Domain
qatar.ogg					Public Domain
russia.ogg					Public Domain
saudi_arabia.ogg			Public Domain
south_korea.ogg				Public Domain
sri_lanka.ogg				Public Domain
syria.ogg					Public Domain
taiwan.ogg					Public Domain
tajikistan.ogg				Public Domain
thailand.ogg				Public Domain
turkey.ogg					Public Domain
turkmenistan.ogg			Public Domain
united_arab_emirates.ogg	Public Domain
uzbekistan.ogg				Public Domain
vietnam.ogg					Public Domain
yemen.ogg					Public Domain
