n_aberdeen.ogg					Public Domain
n_aberdeenshire.ogg				Public Domain
n_caithness.ogg					Public Domain
n_eileanan_siar.ogg				Public Domain
n_hl_caithness.ogg				Public Domain
n_hl_inverness_nairn.ogg		Public Domain
n_hl_lochaber.ogg				Public Domain
n_hl_lochalsh_badenoch_stra.ogg	Public Domain
n_hl_ross.ogg					Public Domain
n_hl_skye.ogg					Public Domain
n_hl_sutherland.ogg				Public Domain
n_moray.ogg						Public Domain
n_orkney.ogg					Public Domain
n_shetland.ogg					Public Domain
s_angus.ogg						Public Domain
s_argyll_bute.ogg				Public Domain
s_borders.ogg					Public Domain
s_clackmannanshire.ogg			Public Domain
s_dumfries_galloway.ogg			Public Domain
s_dundee.ogg					Public Domain
s_east_ayrshire.ogg				Public Domain
s_east_dunbartonshire.ogg		Public Domain
s_east_lothian.ogg				Public Domain
s_east_renfrewshire.ogg			Public Domain
s_edinburgh.ogg					Public Domain
s_falkirk.ogg					Public Domain
s_fife.ogg						Public Domain
s_glasgow.ogg					Public Domain
s_inverclyde.ogg				Public Domain
s_midlothian.ogg				Public Domain
s_north_ayrshire.ogg			Public Domain
s_north_lanarkshire.ogg			Public Domain
s_perth_kinross.ogg				Public Domain
s_renfrewshire.ogg				Public Domain
s_south_ayrshire.ogg			Public Domain
s_south_lanarkshire.ogg			Public Domain
s_stirling.ogg					Public Domain
s_west_dunbartonshire.ogg		Public Domain
s_west_lothian.ogg				Public Domain
