awesome.ogg			Public Domain
back.ogg			Public Domain
by.ogg				Public Domain
check_answer.ogg	Public Domain
click_on_letter.ogg	Public Domain
congratulation.ogg	Public Domain
eat.wav				Public Domain
equal.ogg			Public Domain
fantastic.ogg		Public Domain
good.ogg			Public Domain
great.ogg			Public Domain
help.ogg			Public Domain
level.ogg			Public Domain
minus.ogg			Public Domain
ok.ogg				Public Domain
outof.ogg			Public Domain
perfect.ogg			Public Domain
plus.ogg			Public Domain
quit.ogg			Public Domain
super.ogg			Public Domain
waytogo.ogg			Public Domain
welcome.ogg			Public Domain
