american_samoa.ogg				Public Domain
australia.ogg					Public Domain
cook_islands.ogg				Public Domain
east_timor.ogg					Public Domain
fiji.ogg						Public Domain
french_polynesia.ogg			Public Domain
hawaii.ogg						Public Domain
kiribati.ogg					Public Domain
marshall_islands.ogg			Public Domain
micronesia.ogg					Public Domain
new_caledonia.ogg				Public Domain
new_zealand.ogg					Public Domain
northern_mariana_islands.ogg	Public Domain
palau.ogg						Public Domain
papua_new_guinea.ogg			Public Domain
pitcairn_islands.ogg			Public Domain
solomon_islands.ogg				Public Domain
tonga.ogg						Public Domain
tuvalu.ogg						Public Domain
us_minor.ogg					Public Domain
vanuatu.ogg						Public Domain
